there are a couple things you should not touch. If you're trying to handle
things, uh, you know, especially in your command as a junior officer,
you should really never be doing this. You should always. If
something's going on, it should be elevated because it's not your responsibility
to deal with discipline when it comes to things like non
judicial punishment and stuff like that. If you are dealing with anything,
involves, uh, alcohol for one any toward any type of sexual
abuse assault, hazing, initiations that might be construed as hazing.
Hi. Anything like that? Uh, breaking safety protocols. Those things
shouldn't I mean, should never be handled in house because that can
be a It could be a severe detriment to a command. I've seen that
happen where things have been swept under the rug or just kept within,
say, a particular shop in a command when really they should have
been elevated to the commanding officer in, he should have been dealing
with them